## Week of 04/13/26 - 04/19/26

## Meeting Start Time
2026/04/16 1:31 PM
## Meeting End Time
2026/04/16 2:00 PM

## Location/Medium
Robert Bell

## Present
JD, Elaine, Braxton, Ryan     

## Minute Recorder
Elaine

## Topics Discussed 
- Ryan is done with both of his features.
  - He just needs to finish tests and merge
- JD has started on locking the user out feature, but he's unsure about moving forward and wants our opinion on it.
  - He is nervous about making the search page but Erman was supposed to provide some guidance on that and hasn't done so yet.
- Braxton has about half of the functionality for the top predictors for each asset.
  - Should we instead do ELO-based? The number of correct predictions per user for that asset doesn't seem that helpful.
  - We're thinking about tracking the ELO change and doing a sum of all the predictions on that asset and sorting the users that way
- I have finished the notifications stuff for the bell and routes and stuff, including tests. I'm also half done with the admin features. I need to add tests.

## Things Clarified
- The admin shouldn't be able to delete their own predictions.
- The admin can manually run the job, but that kind of defeats the purpose, so I need to remove that feature.
- Should add a graph to the admin page that shows how many users joined that day, how many predictions were made that day, etc.
- The very first user created on the
- DOCUMENTATION NEEDED DONE: UAT, Development, Deployment, User

## Tasks Distributed
- Me: User profile, admin features, User
- JD: User-locking out, Search page, UAT
- Ryan: PR, Small ELO changes, Deployment
- Braxton: Leaderboard, Update delete users, Development
