# Client Meeting on 9/29/2025

## Meeting Start Time
2025/09/29/20:30

## Meeting End Time
2025/09/29/21:15

## Location/Medium
Over Google Meet

## Present
Erman, Ryan, Elaine, Braxton, Chris, JD

## Minute Recorder
Elaine

## Topics Discussed
- It makes sense to use some cloud services because they usually come with some sort of support.
  - Recommendation from Erman. 
  - Might not have the budget to do so, but might have some free-tier license that we can use since we’re college students.
- Different way of implementing it:
  - Building it on local computer.
  - Building it on a virtual machine.
  - Cloud run.
    - There’s a good chance that the vm or local would not be able to handle a lot of requests, so a cloud-based thing would be better. 
- AWS was what Ryan decided to go with → just might be some budget limitations for these things.
  - If we’re more familiar with relational databases, that would also be fine.
    - People previously thought that relational databases could not handle these kinds of things, but that is not true. 
- Showing of the prototype:
  - The simple design for the prototype is good.
  - Simple is good for actually giving the information to the user.
  - What about the user journey: if a user wanted to look at specific information about a predictor, what page would be best?
- Authenticated Users vs. Predictors?
  - This might complicate things, either for the front- or back-end. 
  - He is okay with authenticated users being able to follow each other. 
  - Does he want a separate sign up for predictors or users?
    - No, there shouldn’t be a distinction until they have made predictions. 
- Discussion of the use cases:
  - He agrees that some users might exploit the platform and thus, it is good that they can be banned by the admin.
  - Notifications would be tricky.
    - Should be extremely low in terms of priority.
- FR1 and FR10 are good milestones for iteration 1.
- He is perfectly okay with us changing anything as we go along. 
  - He does want to be involved with the decisions though.
- Just to re-iterate, he would be hesitant to call things out early.
  - Do not spend anything out of our own pockets for this project.
- Approaching things from the Mark Zuckerberg mindset is not a good way to go about this. 
  - Share things in a doc for the features .
- He wants to have a ton of these links shared with him, which Chris is going to do by the end of the night.


## Things Clarified
- Authenticatedd Users and Predictors are one and the same.
- He would like some sort of cloud storage, but that he doesn't want it to be a big deal until it comes up naturally.

# Client Use of Software
- Software currently unable to be used.
- First iteration to be started shortly.
