# Client Meeting on 10/27/2025

## Meeting Start Time
2026/01/28 20:00

## Meeting End Time
2026/01/28 20:30

## Location/Medium
Google Meet

## Present
Erman, Ryan, Elaine, Braxton, JD

## Minute Recorder
JD

## Topics Discussed
- Erman likes snow
- We will meet monday for our actual meeting
- Elaine made a guess street gmail account that is connected
- We need the domain to be hosted so that they can recieve a link from the email verification service
- Erman has no preference as to how we create and host a domain, but prefers an easy and cheap solution. If we can use Google, use Google.
- Current guess street email is guessstreet.team@gmail.com for testing. When production-ready, we will use our own domain
- Focus on developing the application itself, not on the "metatasks" like cloud hosting and site hosting and allat. Not a priority.
- We plan to get the cloud database working during this meeting. Might not happen.
- Erman will give permissions to us to edit the GCP project. Elaine will collect our emails and send them to him.
- Erman reinforced that we should not spend anything on this project, and if we have to, we must let him know so he can reimburse us. Try to keep the cost down to <$1000 a month.
- Erman will look at our code before our next meeting. Scary!!! Oh dear!!! Gee golly!!!
- If any permission is blocked, send Erman an email and he will grant us those permissions.
- Please use this as an oppurtunity to gain insight and improve ourselves.

## Things Clarified
-

## Client Feedback
- 
