# Client Meeting on 02/02/2026

## Meeting Start Time
2026/02/02/08:00PM

## Meeting End Time
2026/02/02/08:35PM

## Location/Medium
Over Google Meet

## Present
Elaine, Ryan, JD, Braxton, Erman

## Minute Recorder
Elaine

## Topics Discussed
- For now, the users tab is fine, but eventually, we want to get rid of that
- How we run our ELO algorithm and how the frontend is currently updated.
- What's next?
  - A production-level, user-facing service that will be hosted and available from the web
- If there's any payment that we've paid, we should let him know and he will reimburse him
- He's going to send us a better email service if he finds one that's better
- Each person's feed should be based on who they're already following, which assets they're making predictions on, and so on.

## Things Clarified
- The Elo algorithm is named after Arpad Elo, or John Elo as we referred to him in the meeting
- The Asset input validation will be done by tomorrow before we submit the iteration
- The prediction resolution algorithm is currently a route, but it will soon be a cloud run job
- How do we generate the SQL queries?
  - We use the sqlalcamy, we don't use strings -> which would be bad as it would open up our application to SQL injection vulnerabilities.

# Client Use of Software
### How did the client use the software?
- He tested all features currently available on the frontend
- He guided JD through what he wanted to click on as he did not want to pull it up on his own machine (limited time)
### What features did they test in your software?
- He used the search bar.
  - Comments: He thinks that eventually that the search bar should update the page after each key entered.
- He clicked back and forth between the pages (prediction, users, registration, create)
### How long did they use your software?
- He used it for a few minutes (less than 10, before general comments and moving towards more of a code discussion)
### What was their reaction to the software?
- He seemed excited about the changes, but does have some ideas for changing them
### Did they recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
- If he would switch this to a website that people could use, he would rather there weren't the prediction and user tabs
  - Suggesting a feed instead
- If a user has over a certain number of prediction, there should probably be some sort of pagination
  - This would be the same for an asset or just anything that could have a large number of results in general
- The number of unique tickers will likely be small in comparison to the number of the predictions
  - Considering caching in some way to avoid fetching as much
### Issues (any usuability, functionality, etc issues)
- Should we also consider logging in with Google or Apple?
  - This would significantly improve the usability
- When he joined LinkedIn, users could immediately start using their account (they don't have to prove their identity)
  - If you want your platform to grow fast, don't require them to verify their emails immediately, but they do need to verify their email if they want to create predictions or follow other users
