# Client Meeting on 03/16/2026

## Meeting Start Time
2026/03/16/08:05PM

## Meeting End Time
2026/03/16/09:00PM

## Location/Medium
Over Google Meet

## Present
Elaine, Ryan, JD, Braxton, Erman

## Minute Recorder
Elaine

## Topics Discussed
- New feed feature: Erman wants us to only have authenticated users able to view the feed. 
  - Should it rather be two different endpoints for feed? 
    - See only the things that I'm following, has made myself, and resolved predictions.
    - Then, the "FOR YOU" page that is separated from the original feed.
- The Stock Chart should be movable in time and show the rectangle range of where users have made predicitions on that asset.
- If we get rid of the predictions and users pages in the nav bar, how is a user going to search for assets and users that they've never interacted with before?
  - What is the user journey there?
  - Erman is going to think about and come back to us.
- Could we log in with our Google accounts or Apple accounts??
- We were originally going to have a pop-up or something for predictions made on the weekends for iteration 5.
  - He does not want us to do this.
  - However, this would kind of allow people to kind of cheat the system by making a prediction on Sunday after the price is set on Friday and set.
    - What if we set the prediction target date as a minimum of three days in advanced to prohibit this? 
      - He likes this, but thinks we should have other precautionary solutions set in place as well.
- When accounts are deleted, other social media platforms don't immediately delete all metadata, but rather give the user about 30 days to decide if they really want to delete it without actually losing anything.
  - The account would become INACTIVE in the database, not deleted right away.
  - This would be run as a job every day and if the expiry date is up for the account and the account is inactive, it would be deleted for good (and cascaded).
  - Delete account 2.0: gives the option to recover the account.
- Possible idea for the next iteration IF WE HAVE TIME:
  - When you click on an asset's page, it shows the top scorers for that prediction.

## Things Clarified
- Tiered system in feed feature:
  - Tier 1: Resolved predictions from followed users.
  - Tier 2: Resolved predictions from assets the current user has previously made a prediction on.
  - Tier 3: High elo / popular users.
- Tier 1 should be its own tab or page (following page); Tiers 2 and 3 should be combined still in their own tab or page.
  - Erman is going to email me his preference.
- The DELETE USER button needs to be moved somewhere else besides the profile page.
  - Should be in a settings page.
  - Letting a user delete their account should not be easy or readily available.
- We don't need the FEED or LOGOUT buttons in the nav bar.
  - Instead, it should be in the user profile page in separate tabs probably.
- The CREATE button in the nav bar should be PREDICT.

# Client Use of Software
### How did the client use the software?
- He tested all features currently available on the frontend except for the create predictions page changes.
  - This error occurred about 30 minutes before the start of the meeting, likely due to merge issues.
- He guided JD through what he wanted to click on as he did not want to pull it up on his own machine (his choice, he did not want to do it himself and also Google Meet doesn't allow remote control).
### What features did they test in your software?
- The feed and login features.
- The asset page, which pulls the stock-chart feature, which he liked a lot.
- The user-can-delete-themselves feature.
- The follows features.
- The user-must-be-verified-before-creating-predictions feature.
- The pagination feature.
### How long did they use your software?
- He used it for at least 10 minutes while making comments while he was using it.
### What was their reaction to the software?
- He liked the new features, but did have comments on the features. Not bad comments, just ideas on how to improve the functionality.
### Did they recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
- He recommended a different take on the feed page.
- He really liked the look of the stock charts.
### Issues (any usuability, functionality, etc issues)
- The Create Predictions page is not letting users make a prediction even after they're logged in, but it's not...
- The Admin accounts stuff is not quite finished, but we are going to send him a video of it when it's done tomorrow.
